so live with J slip it to be quick it's
something that I had a quick poke at a
while ago and I haven't made much more
progress since because the other things
got in the word but anyway quick what is
quick it's a new UDP UDP UDP based
transport it's still in draft format
it's UDP but it has the guarantees of
TCP and TLS built in one important part
about it is that it allows out of order
packets which which eliminates the
head-of-line problem thing so that's
great
there's an implementation in nodejs
being built by James Snell it is there
it is being sponsored by Britta collabs
and and near forum so you should check
that out if you're interested
also James wrote a really informative
blog post about it very recently you
should check that out as well
so anyway Jaso did Peter be quick
what happened well I claimed that repo
and managed to figure out how to compile
node from source and importantly enable
quick which wasn't that wasn't obvious
for some reason considering this is the
only purpose of that fork and then and
then I quickly kind of created a kind of
lippy to be transport I used some some
SSL keys that I found in the no js' repo
and and got them to connect together and
and send some data and but that's like
less than a quarter of the story and the
the next step was to actually generate a
an SSL certificate from a peer ID and
then after like messing around with many
crypto life is in JavaScript the crypto
libraries are so poorly documented is
unreal but like look I created this cert
doctor and
and OpenSSL seems to be able to read it
and the awesome thing about this is is
this extension thing here which I found
and and it's interesting because if you
plug it into this like old nineties
website you get protocol labs come up
and Rao's name and I was like oh wow I
didn't know that had happened but there
we go so I managed it I managed to get a
peer ID to into a certificate which i
think is the same as what go generates
and because I checked the go code and so
the next part is to do the opposite and
then read the certificate and extract
the pure ID I guess I'm not entirely
sure because I haven't done any more
work on it but it's happening here in
this repository and that's that's all I
have for now hope you enjoyed it
[Applause]
as a module or not recompile yeah yeah
but if it gets into note cool and it
should any module that you can get
you're not gonna be able using the
browser but okay you simply see your
doctor see if you think that everything
there Shalini do like framework for no
extensions right like even before I do
not know about this what's kind of cool
about quick has multiplexing we don't
have to do that anymore like in theory
that might be a lot faster to do it in C
man sees the first place lightning talks
if your names here then please be ready
they are in this order which I randomly
selected makes it okay thank you for
joining talks